{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fmodern Courier New;}{\f4\froman Times;}{\f5\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern Courier;}{\f7\fswiss Geneva;}
{\f8\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss Helv;}{\f10\froman MS Serif;}{\f11\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman New York;}{\f13\fswiss System;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss Tahoma;}{\f16\fnil Marlett;}{\f17\fswiss Arial Black;}{\f18\fscript Comic Sans MS;}
{\f19\fswiss Impact;}{\f20\fswiss Verdana;}{\f21\froman Webdings;}{\f22\froman MT Extra;}{\f23\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f24\froman Garamond;}{\f25\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f26\froman Map Symbols;}{\f27\fnil MS Outlook;}{\f28\froman Wingdings 3;}
{\f29\fswiss Abadi MT Condensed Extra Bold;}{\f30\fswiss Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f31\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f32\fdecor Beesknees ITC;}{\f33\fdecor Braggadocio;}{\f34\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f35\fswiss Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f36\fswiss Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f37\fdecor Curlz MT;}{\f38\fdecor Desdemona;}{\f39\froman Engravers MT;}{\f40\fswiss Eurostile;}{\f41\fdecor Felix Titling;}{\f42\fdecor Flexure;}{\f43\fscript French Script MT;}{\f44\froman Goudy Old Style;}
{\f45\froman Goudy Stout;}{\f46\fdecor Harrington;}{\f47\fdecor Imprint MT Shadow;}{\f48\fscript Lucida Calligraphy;}{\f49\fscript Lucida Handwriting;}{\f50\fswiss Lucida Sans;}{\f51\fswiss Maiandra GD;}{\f52\fnil Mead Bold;}
{\f53\fnil Mercurius Script MT Bold;}{\f54\froman Modern No. 20;}{\f55\fmodern OCR A Extended;}{\f56\froman Rockwell;}{\f57\froman Rockwell Condensed;}{\f58\froman Rockwell Extra Bold;}{\f59\fdecor Stencil;}{\f60\fdecor Tempus Sans ITC;}
{\f61\fdecor Matisse ITC;}{\f62\fnil Vacation MT;}{\f63\fscript Viner Hand ITC;}{\f64\froman Wingdings 2;}{\f65\froman Baskerville Old Face;}{\f66\fdecor Algerian;}{\f67\fdecor Bauhaus 93;}{\f68\fscript Bradley Hand ITC;}{\f69\fscript Brush Script MT;}
{\f70\froman Calisto MT;}{\f71\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f72\fscript Forte;}{\f73\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f74\fswiss Gill Sans MT Ext Condensed Bold;}{\f75\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f76\fscript Gradl;}{\f77\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f78\froman Wide Latin;}
{\f79\fnil Lucida Blackletter;}{\f80\fmodern Lucida Sans Typewriter;}{\f81\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f82\fscript Mistral;}{\f83\fscript Monotype Corsiva;}{\f84\fnil Monotype Sorts;}{\f85\fswiss Placard Condensed;}{\f86\fdecor Playbill;}
{\f87\fnil Signs MT;}{\f88\fdecor Juice ITC;}{\f89\fdecor Snap ITC;}{\f90\fnil Almanac MT;}{\f91\froman Book Antiqua;}{\f92\froman Bell MT;}{\f93\froman Bernard MT Condensed;}{\f94\fnil Bon Apetit MT;}{\f95\froman Century Schoolbook;}
{\f96\froman Cooper Black;}{\f97\fnil Directions MT;}{\f98\fswiss Eras Bold ITC;}{\f99\fswiss Eras Demi ITC;}{\f100\fswiss Eras Light ITC;}{\f101\fswiss Eras Medium ITC;}{\f102\fswiss Eras Ultra ITC;}{\f103\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book;}
{\f104\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi;}{\f105\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi Cond;}{\f106\fswiss Franklin Gothic Heavy;}{\f107\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium;}{\f108\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium Cond;}{\f109\froman Gloucester MT Extra Condensed;}
{\f110\fswiss Haettenschweiler;}{\f111\fnil Holidays MT;}{\f112\froman Lucida Bright;}{\f113\froman Lucida Fax;}{\f114\fswiss News Gothic MT;}{\f115\fdecor Onyx;}{\f116\fnil Parties MT;}{\f117\froman Perpetua;}{\f118\froman Perpetua Titling MT;}
{\f119\fdecor Ransom;}{\f120\fnil Sports Two MT;}{\f121\fnil Sports Three MT;}{\f122\fnil Transport MT;}{\f123\fnil Keystrokes MT;}{\f124\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f125\fmodern Fixedsys;}{\f126\fmodern Terminal;}{\f127\fswiss Small Fonts;}
{\f128\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f129\fswiss MS Dialog Light;}{\f130\fswiss MS SystemEx;}{\f131\fswiss Exotica;}{\f132\froman Map Symbols CE;}{\f133\froman Map Symbols Cyr;}{\f134\froman Map Symbols Greek;}{\f135\froman Map Symbols Tur;}
{\f136\froman Map Symbols Baltic;}{\f137\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi Cond Balti;}{\f138\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium Cond Gre;}{\f139\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium Cond Bal;}{\f140\fswiss Tahoma CE;}{\f141\fswiss Tahoma Cyr;}{\f142\fswiss Tahoma Greek;}
{\f143\fswiss Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss Tahoma Baltic;}{\f145\fswiss Arial Black CE;}{\f146\fswiss Arial Black Cyr;}{\f147\fswiss Arial Black Greek;}{\f148\fswiss Arial Black Tur;}{\f149\fswiss Arial Black Baltic;}{\f150\fswiss Impact CE;}
{\f151\fswiss Impact Cyr;}{\f152\fswiss Impact Greek;}{\f153\fswiss Impact Tur;}{\f154\fswiss Impact Baltic;}{\f155\fswiss Verdana CE;}{\f156\fswiss Verdana Cyr;}{\f157\fswiss Verdana Greek;}{\f158\fswiss Verdana Tur;}{\f159\fswiss Verdana Baltic;}
{\f160\fswiss Arial Narrow CE;}{\f161\fswiss Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f162\fswiss Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f163\fswiss Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f164\fswiss Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f165\froman Garamond CE;}{\f166\froman Garamond Cyr;}{\f167\froman Garamond Greek;}
{\f168\froman Garamond Tur;}{\f169\froman Garamond Baltic;}{\f170\froman Bookman Old Style CE;}{\f171\froman Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f172\froman Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f173\froman Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f174\froman Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f175\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book CE;}{\f176\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book Cyr;}{\f177\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book Greek;}{\f178\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book Tur;}{\f179\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book Baltic;}{\f180\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi CE;}
{\f181\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi Cyr;}{\f182\froman G2;}{\f183\fnil Chord;}{\f184\fmodern DigtalFont;}{\f185\fmodern DigitMed;}{\f186\fmodern DigitSmall;}{\f187\fmodern DigtalFont Narrow Variable;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f8\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f8\fs20\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 
\b\f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \f8\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\li360 \b\f8\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\sb120 \b\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb240 
\b\f9\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f8\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 nscba;}{\s3\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f5\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext3 j;}{\s4\li480\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext4 ij;}{\s5\sb80\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 btb;}{\s6\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 ctcb;}{\s7\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f5\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext7 ns;}{\s8\sa120 \f5\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext8 TT;}{\s9\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 crtj;}{\s10\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 nsca;}{\s11\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 bt;}{
\s12\li240\sb120\sa40 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 Hf;}{\s13\li240\sb120\sa40 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 Hs;}{\s14\li480\sb120\sa40 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext14 RT;}{\s15\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext15 c;}{
\s16\li2160\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext16 ct;}{\s17\li240\sa20 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext17 it;}{\s18\li480 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 nsct;}{\s19\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext19 nscb;}{
\s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext20 HC2;}{\s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext21 C2;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext22 ctc;}{\s23\li2160\sb160 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext23 crt;}{\s24\li480\sb20\sa40 \f5\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext24 or;}{\s25\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360 \f11\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext25 Ln1;}{\s26\li115\sb80\sa80 
\f11\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{\s27\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn \b\f11\lang1033 \sbasedon252\snext26 *Title;}{\s28\fi-245\li360\sb80 \f11\fs20\lang1033 \snext28 *Jl;}{\s29\li360\sb40\sa40 \f11\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Lp1;}{
\s30\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f11\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext30 Tph;}{\s31\li115\sb120\sa80 \b\f11\fs20\lang1033 \snext25 Proch;}{\s32\sl240 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext32    Normal;}{\s33 \fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext33 Body Text;}}
{\info{\title AFXCORE}{\subject MFC Core RTF Help}{\author Authorized Gateway 2000 Licensee}{\operator Authorized Gateway 2000 Licensee}{\creatim\yr2000\mo2\dy13\hr22\min5}{\revtim\yr2000\mo2\dy13\hr22\min5}{\version2}{\edmins510}{\nofpages53}
{\nofwords70775}{\nofchars95401}{\vern16431}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex576\endnhere \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 #} main_index}}{\f9\up6 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 >} Procedur}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Jump Shot Basketball}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Game Features}{\v\f9 basketball_features}{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb How to Play}{\v\f9 basketball_how}{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Coaching}{\v\f9 coaching_features}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Career Play}{\v\f9 career_play}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9             }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Play menu}{\v\f9 menu_play}{\f9   }{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s32\sl240 \f9\fs20\lang1033        {\uldb Players menu}{\v menu_players} 
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9        }{\f9\uldb Stats menu}{\v\f9 menu_stats}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb League menu}{\v\f9 menu_league}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Career menu}{\v\f9 menu_career}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb History menu}{\v\f9 menu_history}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb View menu}{\v\f9 menu_view}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9        }{\f9\uldb Help menu}{\v\f9 menu_help}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} basketball_features}}{\f9\up6 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 >} Procedur}}{\f9\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 features; games features; about jump shot; basketball game}}{\f9\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Jump Shot Basketball}}{\b\f9  Jump Shot Basketball Features}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1620 {\b\f9                              }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Simulate any basketball season}{\f9  - Past, present and future.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Career Play}{\f9  - Begin the dynasty. Players age, improve and decline at different rates. Draft that rookie you need to help put you over the top.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Manage your staff }{\f9 - Fire of Hire Scouts, Coaches and GM's.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Control anywhere from 1 to 32 teams}{\f9  -the computer coach handles the rest.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Multi-player Trades}{\f9  -  Select up to up to four players a side. Accept trade proposals from a crafty computer GM. Each with their own strengths and weaknesses.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 96-97, 97-98}{\b\f9 , }{\b\f9 98-99 }{\b\f9 and 99-00 }{\b\f9 players, teams, and schedules - }{\f9 Complete stats, ratings and schedules allow you to recreate history}{\b\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Player editor }{\f9  - Make all the changes you want or create brand new players. Heck create yourself. Hopefull}{\f9 y you'll score more than Rodman}{\f9 . Or }{\f9 if you want, make Rodman a scorer. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 League editor}{\f9  - Design your own league complete with your own divisions and playoff format. A complete draft module allows you to compete with other GM's in hopes of putting together your dream team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Complete Stats - }{\f9 
Includes unique stats you won't find anywhere else. Featuring our exclusive true ratings that estimate a players true value to the team  by the number of wins gained when in the lineup.  All players are also rated in four important offensive and defensi}{
\f9 ve categories. Not sure how to rate them, then just hit the calculate button in the player editor, and the computer will estimate the ratings for you.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Realistic Results - }{\f9 
All the stats and ratings are combined to give your players and teams very realistic results. But be warned, try to take a player like Kerr off the 96-97 Bulls and notice how he struggles more without the benefit of teammates creating shots for him.}{\f9 

\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Make all the calls}{\f9  - Go to your go to guy down the stretch or double team your oppone}{\f9 
nts main player. Just be aware of your choices. Trying to double Duncan with Robinson on the court could mean a loss. Call a players number too much on offense and the shot opportunities  will dwindled.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Substitutions}{\f9 
 - Try and find a combination that works. Without enough scoring and passing in the lineup those open shots aren't so open any more as your team struggles for offense. Better make sure there are some good defenders out there too, to keep your opponent fro
}{\f9 m scoring at will.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Depth charts}{\f9 
 - Set them at each position and let your assistant computer coach handle the game substitutions. The computer will make sure your players get the minutes they deserve. With true substitution a player like Armstrong will get big minutes off the bench.}{
\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Save Game Results - }{\f9 Save or print up to 10000 boxscores and play by play logs for every team in a league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Auto Play Options }{\f9 - Adjust the play by play speed to your viewing and coaching preferences. If you prefer turn off the play by play altogether and g}{\f9 et results almost instantly.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Playoffs - }{\f9 Defense goes up a notch, teams shorten their bench as they play for the ring. Complete stats and records are saved.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 More to come}{\f9  - Expect frequent updates. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # career_play}}{\f9\up6 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 >} Procedur}}{\f9\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 career play; future seasons; player aging}}{\f9\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Career Play Features}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Jump Shot Basketball Career Play}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Career Play Procedures}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Jump Shot is designed to be played two ways.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 As a single season replay or as a f}{\f9 ictional league using the current players that are eventually replaced by fictional players.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\f9\uldb Create Edit button}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9 
. and check the career play box to play a league in career play mode. Trades by computer owned teams will consider the age and potential of players when making trades and the career menu commands will be active as necessary.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can still replay a season before selecting any options from the career menu commands.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 When you are ready to start the next season then sel}{\f9 ect the }{\f9\uldb Career Begin Offseason Command}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_BEGIN}{\f9 
 to age all players and change their ratings based on random factors like there prime age, their actual age, and the actual career projections.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Before continuing, now is the time to make changes to your staff and allow all teams to do the same by selectiong }{\f9\uldb Career Staff Profiles}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_STAFF}{\v\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Once the players have aged and next years staffs are set then you can select the }{\f9\uldb Career Rookie Draft Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_CAREER_ROOKIE}{\f9 
 to conduct a draft of amateur players. The draft order is determined by the order of finish of a previous season and consists of two rounds.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Special Note: fictional player names for the rookie draft are generated using two files }{\f9 
\par }{\f9   fnames.txt - first names}{\f9 
\par }{\f9   lnames.txt - last names}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 They can be edited and names can be added.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Just make sure - only one name per line.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Immediately after the completion of an amateur draft the }{\f9\uldb Career Training Camp Command}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_TRAINING}{\f9  will be activated. This optio}{\f9 
n allows you to finalize the rosters of teams after the draft and find out if players have retired.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You are then ready to begin the next season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If you begin a new season without first selecting the Career Training Camp the team rosters will remain unchanged from the previous season but }{\f9 
their ratings will have changed therefore you should never start the next season until the end of training camp.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Choosing the }{\f9\uldb Career Trading Period Command}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_TRADING}{\f9  allows for a short trading period involving all league teams and can be selected anytime. However we recommend only}{\f9 
 using it immediately before the rookie draft.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1620 {\f9                          }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # coaching_features}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K coaching; play calling; shot selection}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Coaching Jump Shot}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Jump Shot Basketball Coaching}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Coaching options:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Offensive playcalling}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Screen:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Visiting team lineup and home team defenders are located on the left side of the main game screen.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Home team lineup and visiting team defenders are located on the right side of the main game screen.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The team on offense has an asterick to the right of their name on the scoreboard.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Team Stats Boxes contain important stats and ratings that are useful in calling plays. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The following explains the abbreviations.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Player - last name (sometimes abbreviated)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Pt       - points scored in game}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Fg       - Shots made (2's and 3's combined)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Fa       - Shots attempted (2's and 3's)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 R        - Total Rebounds}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 A        - Assists}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 F        - Fouls}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 En      - Energy or Stamina (OK - no fatigue 1-99 fatigue) }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 O       - Offensive Rating calculated by adding the 4 major offensive ratings }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 D       - Defensive Rating calculated by adding the 4 defensive categories}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Double Clicking a players line will bring up their}{\f9  }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\f9\uldb Sub/Offense}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_SUBSTITUTE}{\f9  button to make substitutions and view ratings for players on either team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the team you are coaching is on offense you will see the current lineup for your team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Clic}{\f9 k the }{\f9\uldb Defense}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_DEFENSE}{\f9  button to set defensive matchups and asignments for players on either team. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the team you are coaching is on defense you will see the current defensive assignments for your team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\f9\uldb Timeout}{\v\f9 HID_GAME_TIMEOUTS}{\f9  button to call timeouts for either team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Calling plays on offense:}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 As the coach you call the play for the player of your choice.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keep in mind that the players play and they may or may not be able to get the play off as designed. The more you go to}{\f9 
 a player the more difficult it becomes for your team to execute. Pick your spots and keep in mind that the better scorers can be called on and depended on more.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Highlight the position of the player you want to call the play for.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Auto - Let the players decide who should shoot.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 PG - Point Guard       }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 SG - Shooting Guard  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 SF - Small Forward    }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 PF - Power Forward   }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 C -   Center               }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Highlight the type of shot you want to call on the play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Three }{\f9 - the player selected will look to get open for a three point attempt.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If no player was selected (Auto) the offense will look to force up a three. Usually you should save this for when you really need a three from your team to get back in the game. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Outside}{\f9  - the player selected will look to get open for an outside shot.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Drive}{\f9  - the player selected will look to drive to the basket.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Post}{\f9  - the player selected will post up and look to score down low.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Auto}{\f9  - let the players decide the best shot ty}{\f9 pe.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # basketball_how}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K play; how to play; rules; instructions; Jump Shot}}
{\f9\up6  }{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Playing Jump Shot}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 How to Play}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Check the title bar for the name of the currently open league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To open a different league use the }{\f9\uldb League Open Command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_LOAD}{\v\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To play Jump Shot in }{\b\f9 exhibition mode}{\f9  just click the }{\f9\uldb Game Type button}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_TYPE}{\f9  and select exhibition game, then click OK. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 C}{\f9 lick the on screen Play button.
\par }{\f9 S}{\f9 elect two teams from the }{\f9\uldb Select Teams Box}{\v\f9 HID_TEAMS_BOX}{\f9  
\par }{\f9 S}{\f9 elect whether or not the computer coaches them. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Choose a home team and visiting team and then click OK.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click Play each time you want }{\f9 to view the next play result (Play by Play)}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\f9\uldb Auto Play}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_SIMULATE}{\f9  to toggle between normal play and quick play}{\f9  (auto play)}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Quick play will play the game without the player pressing the Play button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 U}{\f9 se}{\f9  the }{\f9  }{\f9\uldb Play Auto Speed}{\v\f9\uldb HID_PLAY}{\v\f9\uldb _SPEED}{\f9   }{\f9 command to set the play by}{\f9  play speed}{\f9  during auto play}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can make substitutions during the game with the  }{\f9\uldb Sub/Offense}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_SUBSTITUTE}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 V}{\f9 iew the stats during and after }{\f9 a game }{\f9 by clicking the }{\f9\uldb Game Stats}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_GAME}{\f9  button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\f9\uldb Show Stats button}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_ST}{\v\f9 ATS}{\f9  to automatically view the game stats after the game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\f9\uldb Exit Game button}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_EXITGAME}{\f9  to abort the game early.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Before playing Jump Shot in }{\b\f9 season mode}{\f9  you can view the currently scheduled game with the }{\f9\uldb League Schedule button}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE}{\f9 . }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 C}{\f9 lick the }{\f9\uldb Game Type button}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_TYPE}{\f9  and select league game, then click OK. The computer coaches teams that are not play controlled.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the current game on the schedule features two non play controlled teams the game automaticall}{\f9 y defaults to Auto Play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To change or just view who controls the teams use the }{\f9\uldb Play}{\f9\uldb  Options command}{\v\f9 HID_}{\v\f9 PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To play Jump Shot in }{\b\f9 single team mode}{\f9 
 just click the Game Type button and select single team game, then click OK. Select a team then click OK. Rather then playing all games on the league schedule, only games featuring the selected team will be played. Everything else is as above.}{\f9 

\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_play}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K play: options}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play menu commands}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Play menu commands}{\f9 
\par }\pard \li105 {\f9\cf2\lang2057 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 The Play menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\trowd \cellx1440\cellx6480\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Type}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_TYPE}{\f9 \cell }{\f9 Selects the type of game.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \cellx1440\cellx6480\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Options}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{
\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Set the league options for saving and trading}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Simulate}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_SIMULATE}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Toggles games played from play by play to automatic.}{\f9 \cell 
}\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Auto Speed}{\v\f9\uldb HID_PLAY_SPEED}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Adjust the play by play speed during a simulated game.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Stats}{\v\f9 
HID_PLAY_STATS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Activate to view boxscores automatically after each game.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb ExitGame}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_EXITGAME }{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Exits current game.}{\f9 }{\f9 \cell 
}\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \cellx1440\cellx6480\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Exit}{\v\f9 HID_APP_EXIT}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Exits Jump Shot.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_stats}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K stats: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $  Stats menu commands}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Stats menu commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Stats menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Game}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_GAME}{\f9 \cell }{\f9 View the statistics for the current game.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622
\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Simulated}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_SIMULATED}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the computer generated statistics for the current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Actual}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_ACTUAL}{
\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the actual player statistics for the current league}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Ratings}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_RATINGS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the player ratings for the current league}{\f9 
\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Leaders}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_LEADERS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the statistical leaders in the current league}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622
\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Records}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_RECORDS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the league and team records}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9\up6 \page }{\f9\up6 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_league}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K league: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League menu commands}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 League menu commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Play menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Edit}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Select to assign teams to the current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302
\cellx8622\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Open}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_LOAD}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Select to open the current league or create a new one.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Schedule}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE}{\f9\uldb 
\cell }{\f9 Select to view or create a schedule for the current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Playoff Results}{\v\f9\uldb HID_LEAGUE_PLAYOFFS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 
Select to view current league game by game playoff results}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Standings}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_STANDINGS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Select to view the current league standings.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {
\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Team Results}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_TEAMS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Select to view the current league leaders.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb 
Transactions}{\v\f9\uldb HID_LEAGUE_TRANSACTIONS}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Select to view current league game by game playoff results}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_players}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K players: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Player menu commands}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Players menu commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Players menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx7602\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Substitute/Offense}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_SUBSTITUTE}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Replace and view ratings of players in the current game.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx7602\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Defense}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_DEFENSE}{\f9 \cell }{\f9 Set defensive matchups and assignments.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Edit Players}{\v\f9 
HID_PLAYERS_CREATE}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Create or edit players in the current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Depth Charts}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_EDITDEPTH}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 
Set active rosters and depth charts for teams}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Trade Players}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_TRADE}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 trade, sign or release players in the current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {
\f9\uldb \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx7602\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb \cell }\pard \intbl \cell \pard \intbl {\f9\uldb \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \tab }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_view}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K view: options}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View menu commands}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 View menu commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The View menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1620\cellx8964\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Saved Box Scores}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_SAVEDBOXSCORE}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View Game Stats of saved league games}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 
\cellx1620\cellx8964\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Saved Play by Play}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_SAVEDPBP}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View Play by Play of saved league games}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}{
\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Shows or hides the toolbar.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1620\cellx8964\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\f9\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\intbl {\f9 
Shows or hides the status bar.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \li360\sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\up6 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_help}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K help: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Help menu commands}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Help menu commands}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with Jump Shot: }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Help Topics}{\v\f9 HID_HELP_INDEX}{\f9\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\intbl {\f9 Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 
\row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb About}{\v\f9 HID_APP_ABOUT}{\f9\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\intbl {\f9 Displays the version number of Jump Shot.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\up6 \page }{\f9\up6 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_LOAD}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K open league; create league; load league}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Open league command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Open command (League menu)}{\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to open an existing league or create a new league with the file name you type.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 After opening the league file you can then use the }{\f9\uldb League Edit command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9  to setup the league for seasons not currently underway. }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 The following options allow you to specify which file to open:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 File Name}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Type or select the league filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 .lge in the List Files of Type box. If you type a league filename that doesn't exist a new league}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 file will be created. }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 List Files of Type}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Select the type of file you want to open:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 .lge}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Drives}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Select the drive in which Jump Shot stores the league file that you want to open. }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Directories}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Select the directory in which Jump Shot stores the league file that you want to open.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Network...}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueOpem.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F9}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_history}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K players: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Player menu commands}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 History menu commands}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The History menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Career Stats}{\v\f9 HID_HISTORY_CAREER}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View complete yearly stats for all players in league history.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Rookie Drafts}{\v\f9 HID_HISTORY_ROOKIE}{\f9 \cell }{\f9 View complete draft for all drafts in league history.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb 
Team Results}{\v\f9 HID_HISTORY_TEAM}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View complete yearly results for all teams. }{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Hall of Fame}{\v\f9 HID_HISTORY_HALL
}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View elected hall of famers and their yearly stats.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # menu_career}}{\f9 >{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K players: options}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Player menu commands}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Career menu commands}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 

\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Career menu offers the following commands:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-93 \cellx1512\cellx10227\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Begin Offseason}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_BEGIN}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Age all players and randomly change their ability based on their ratings.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row 
}\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-93 \cellx1512\cellx10227\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Trading Period}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_TRADING}{\f9 \cell }{\f9 Begin a short trading period for all teams.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb 
Staff Profiles}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_STAFF}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 View the staff for all teams and after a season allow for replacing them.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Begin Rookie Draft}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_ROOKIE}{\f9\uldb 
\cell }{\f9 Begin the yearly rookie draft.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Training Camp}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_TRAINING}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Begin the preseason and finalize team rosters.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row 
}\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-93 \cellx1512\cellx10227\pard \sl240\intbl {\f9\uldb Reset All Stats}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_RESET}{\f9\uldb \cell }{\f9 Reset all history and st}{\f9 ats for current league.}{\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 \row }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 \tab }{\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_APP_EXIT}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K exit Jump Shot}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play exit command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Exit command (Play menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to end your Jump Shot session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 ALT+F4}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_EXITGAME}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K exit game; game exit}}{
\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play exit game command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Exit Game command (Play menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to end your current Jump Shot game before completion of the current game. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayExit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_TYPE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K play type; game type}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play type command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Type command (Play menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to select your Jump Shot game type. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The name of the currently opened league is displayed under Current League.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the playoffs have started you will see the word playoffs next to the league name.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 exhibition game}{\f9  to setup a game between any two teams in your league. These games do not count in the standings and statistics are not saved. C}{\f9 lick OK and then click the Play Button to bring up the }{\f9\uldb 
Exhibition Game Team Select box}{\v\f9 HID_TEAMS_BOX}{\f9  where you can then select the matchup.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 league game}{\f9  to setup a game based on the current league schedule. The next game played will be the next unfinished game on the league schedule. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 single team league game}{\f9  to setup a game for one team based on the current league schedule. Clicking OK brings up the list of the teams in the league. Ju}{\f9 
st highlight the team and the next game played will be the next unfinished game for that team on the league schedule. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the playoffs have started the next unfinished game regardless of the selected team will be played. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayType.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F2}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_SIMULATE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K play simulate; game simulate; auto play; quick play}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play simulate command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Simulate command (Play menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to allow the computer to automatically play }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 the game for both sides. In a league game this is preset. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If you would like to display the stats after the game use the }{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb Play Stats command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_STATS}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlaySimulate.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F3}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_STATS}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K play stats; stats shown after game}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play stats command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Stats command (Play menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the game stats after}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 a completed game. This is very useful if you have chosen the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb Play Simulate command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_SIMULATE}{\f9  during a league game}{\v\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 but you want to see the stats before the next league game.}{\f9\uldb 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayStats.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F4}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAYERS_SUBSTITUTE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K players substitute; substitute }}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Players substitute command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Substitute/Offense command (Players menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to replace players with players off the bench during the course of the game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayerSubstitute.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F5}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Select the team's button to view that team's currently active roster and lineup.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Highlight the player in the lineup you want to replace then double click the player on the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 roster you want to replace the highlighted player with. If the lineup doesn't change this is either because the player you tried to substitute is already in the game or has fouled out.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Checking either the }{\b\f9 Computer Substitutes Visitor}{\f9  or }{\b\f9 Computer Substitutes Home}{\f9  gives substitution control to the computer coach. The computer will use }{\f9 
the team depth charts to decide who plays. Unchecking gives control back to the player.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAYERS_CREATE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K players create; edit players; create players; reset rosters; rosters; player data; depth chart; rotation; active;}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Players create command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Edit command (Players menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to create or edit players in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is unavailable while a game is in progress. (Click Play - Exit Game)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayerEdit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:         Ctrl+F3}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 PLAYER EDIT COMMAND}{\f9 
  -- This command is not active when a game is in progress.  Each team contains 14 slots.  This is where you can select any player from a particular team to edit by simply changing that player's number.  Next to each of the abbreviations you will see a bo
}{\f9 x where you can enter the stats.   These stats are similar to the stats that can be found in a}{\f9 
ny newspaper boxscore.  Simply click on the desired box and either enter or change a value. The tab key will allow you to easily move from one stat. to the next.   The following is a list of the abbreviations and their meanings:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 TEAM }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Team name}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 NAME }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Player name}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 POS }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Player main position}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 G }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Games played}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 MIN }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Minutes played}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 FGM }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Field goals made}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 FGA }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Field goals attempted}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 FTM }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Free throws made}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 FTA }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Free throws attempted}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 3FGM }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  3 point shots made}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 3FGA }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  3 point shots attempted}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 OR}{\f9 EB }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Offensive rebounds}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 REB }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Total rebounds }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 AST }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Assists}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 STL }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Steals made}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 TO }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Turnovers}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 BLK }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Blocked shots}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 PF }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Personal fouls}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 RESET ROSTERS -  }{\f9 Select this feature to reset the rosters to the default data when the current league was first created. }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 DEPTH CHART }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  This feature allows you to choose the starters and backups at }{\f9 
all 5 positions.   These depth charts will be used when you have a team to be coached by the computer.  1st - designates a starter (1st string) at that position.  2nd - means the player is used most often by the computer in its substitutions.  If a team h
}{\f9 as more then one of the same at a position, the computer will then decide who should play based on a player}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 
s minutes and ratings.  When set to ok , a player can be used occasionaly at that position but is not really a set part of the rotation.  The followi}{\f9 ng is a list of abbreviations and their meanings:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 PG }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Point guard}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 SG }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Shooting guard}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 SF }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Small forward}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 PF }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Power forward}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 C }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Center}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 ACTIVE }{\f9 \endash }{\f9 
 When this section is checked it means that the player is on the active roster for the next game.  If this section is unchecked it means that the player is ineligible.  The first 12 players of a particular team that are checked as active}{\f9 
 make up the protected list.
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 C}{\b\f9 onsistent}{\b\f9  }{\f9 (1-3) - Better}{\f9  consistency is three. These players performance will not waver as much from game to game}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Once you have completed entering data for a player, you can then click Calculate and the computer will then attempt to rate players from a scale of 1-9 in 4 offensive and defensive categories.  These categories are as follows}{\f9 
 with the alternate abbreviation in parenthesis}{\f9 :}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 OUTSIDE}{\b\f9  OFFENSE(O)}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Usually excellent jump shooters.  These players fight through screens, move without the ball and in some cases their height allows them to shoot over people}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 DRIVING}{\b\f9  OFFENSE}{\b\f9 (D)}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Ability to both dribble and drive for scoring tries.  Point guards usually are th}{\f9 e  best at this.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 POST OFFENSE}{\b\f9 (P)}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Measures the inside game of a player.  Usually higher for power forwards and centers.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 TRANSITION OFFENSE}{\b\f9 (T)}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Measures the ability of a player to run the floor and finish on the first break.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 OUTSIDE}{\b\f9  DEFENSE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Fight screens, prevent shooters by denying them the ball and have the size to distract shots.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 DRIVING}{\b\f9  DEFENSE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Stops drives by not getting beat off the dribble.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 POST DEFENSE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Ability to deny the ball down low and to stop the other players inside game.}{\f9 }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 TRANSITION DEFENSE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  Measures the ability of a player to get back on defense and to either stop or slow down the fast break.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Some of these ratings have been adjusted by us for the seasons that come with Jump Shot Basketball to more accurately reflect certain player}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 s abilities. Of course, please feel free to do the same.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Once you have finished editing, simply click the OK button and confirm your changes.  The new player data will then be saved for you.  Clicking the CANCEL button will undo any changes made.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_GAME}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K stats game; game stats; player stats; box scores}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Stats game command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Game command (Stats menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the player stats for the current game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsGame.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F6}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_SIMULATED}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K  stats simulated; simulated stats; player stats}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Stats simulated command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Simulated command (Stats menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the computer generated stats for every player on every}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 team in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select either season or playoff stats.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Double Click or click Player Report }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9  for a detailed look at the currently highlighted player. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The number under injury is the amount of games the player will remain out because of injury.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsSimulated.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F7}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_ACTUAL}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K stats actual; actual stats; player stats; real life stats}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Stats simulated command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Actual command (Stats menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the real life stats for every player on every}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 team in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This option is disabled in career play leagues. You have to rely on a players simulated stats and player ratings to evaluate a player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Double click or click Player Report }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9  for a detailed }{\f9 look at the currently highlighted player. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F8}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K league edit; edit league; setup league; league setup; playoff setup; control }}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League edit command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Edit command (League menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to setup or edit the current league and its format.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 After saving your league you will then be given the option to }{\f9\uldb draft all new teams}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_DRAFT}{\f9  from the players in the league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Recommendation: Create new}{\f9  leagues to play with rather than using the leagues that come with Jump Shot even if making no changes.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueEdit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:         Ctrl+F6}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 In order to create a new league with no player data use the }{\f9\uldb League Open command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_LEAGUE_LOAD}{\f9  and enter a new league name.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the league name in the league name edit box is from an existing league }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 then any team player data in the exisiting league will be used in the league}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 you create.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 For example:  you open the league 97-98 that contains the player data for 29}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 teams. You then delete the Bulls from the Central  Division and the league, then}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 you select the Knicks and rename them the Liberty. Your new league will then }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 contain the same player data for the other 27 teams, the Bulls will no longer be a part of the league and the Liberty will contain}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 no player data. To enter data for the Liberty you would use the }{\f9\uldb Player Edit Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_CREATE}{\f9  You should then rename the league in or}{\f9 der to not affect the current league(97-98)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To put it simpler if you want to create a league from scratch don't open a currently existing league, but if you want to create leagues based on previous leagues open an existing league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You will be still be able to create new teams and make changes.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To change a team name of an existing team }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 - select the team in the Current Teams box. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 - type the new name (16 characters maximum) in the Edit Team Name box.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 - click }{\b\f9 Save Changes}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note: Team Name}{\f9 s can not be changed for current leagues. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Even if you are not planning on changing a league setup. We recommend opening and using leagues that come with the game and renaming and saving them to create your own custom leagues.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select a team to add to the league from the Select Teams box then click the }{\b\f9 Add to League}{\f9  Button. Repeat for every team to include in your league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select a team from the Current box and use the }{\b\f9 Delete from League}{\f9  to remove a team from the league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Assign a team to a divisio}{\f9 n by clicking on a team from the Current box and then selecting a blank slot under the Division you want to assign that team to.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Remove a team from a division by selecting a team and then double clicking.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 Injuries}{\f9  by selecting the appropriate button. }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 None}{\f9  - no injuries occur}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Random}{\f9  - injuries occur at about the same rate for all players.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Stats Based}{\f9  - Injuries are based on the actual player stats.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This option can be changed any time during a season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Trading}{\f9  - computer allowed}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checking allows computer controlled teams (simulate) to make trades with other computer controlled teams.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Unchecking allows player trades only.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Career Play}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checking  will activate the career menu commands as necessary.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 computer teams will make general managerial decisions based on career projections as well as current performance.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Unchecking will disable the career menu items.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 computer teams will make general managerial decisions based only on current performance.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To toggle from player contr}{\f9 ol to computer control, select a team from the Current box and then click the Control box. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Player control teams automatically default to the following settings}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Save Play by Play    - on}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Save Box Scores      - on}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Receive Trade Offers - on}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To change the options use the }{\f9\uldb Play Options Menu Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 These option can be changed any time during a season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 With the exception of career play, injuries, trading and player control}{\f9 ,}{\f9  any other changes must be made before the current league has started league play. If the season is underway you must use the }{\f9\uldb League Schedule command}{
\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE}{\f9  Reset Button to start the season over.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 Playoffs}{\f9  and }{\b\f9 Round}{\f9  format if available}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueEdit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K league schedule; schedule; create schedule; edit schedule; league setup; playoffs; start playoffs}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League schedule command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Schedule Command (League menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to create or edit a complete schedule for the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The Reset Button starts the season over. All player stats and game results will be lost but the schedule will remain intact.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 In order to make changes to the schedule the current schedule must not have started league play. If the season is underway you must use the Reset Button to start the season over.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueSchedule.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:         Ctrl+F7}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 RESET BUTTON}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  The reset button can only be clicked when you want to erase all the game results of the current schedule, thereby starting the current league schedule over again.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
The schedule cannot be edited unless the league currently being played is not underway and no game results have been posted.  In order to edit the schedule you must first click the reset button. If a league game is currently being played it will revert to
}{\f9  an exhibition game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 CREATING A SCHEDULE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  To }{\f9 
create a schedule, first select the day and month that you would like to play a particular game.  From the teams list, highlight the teams that you would like playing on that particular day and month.  Next decide which team you would like to play at home
}{\f9  and as the visitor. Once you have decided click the appropriate button.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 After completing this procedure you should see the two teams scheduled to play each other listed in the appropriate home and visitor boxes.  Repeat the same process for every game t}{\f9 o be played that day.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 REMOVE FROM SCHEDULE}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9 
 To remove a game or a team from a schedule, simply highlight the team or teams that you wish to delete.  Then click the Remove Button.  To exchange the position of any two teams in the schedule, just click on the two teams that you want to swap places.  
}{\f9 Next to each game listed in the schedule you will see the word: Play or the word: Simulate.  Play means that the user will be in control of that particular game.  Regardless if the user is in control of one o}{\f9 
r both teams.  Simulate means that the computer will auto play that game.  The computer will not stop auto playing games until either it has reached a game in the schedule that is being controlled by the user or if the user clicks the }{\f9\uldb 
Auto Play Button}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_SIMULATE}{\f9  which can be located on the  toolbar.  You can change the control of the game from player to computer or visa versa by using the }{\f9\uldb League Edit Command.}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9 .  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 START PLAYOFFS}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  To start the playoffs any time after at least one regul}{\f9 ar season game is played click the Start Playoffs Button. The schedule will display the first round matchups.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Warning! Choosing and confirming this option completers the current season even if you choose to cancel schedule changes afterwards.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 AUTO SCHEDULE - }{\f9 This button is activated before the start of any season. Select this to create your own custom schedule for your league with the }{\f9\uldb Auto Scheduler}{\v\f9 HID_AUTO_SCHEDULE}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_STANDINGS}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K league standings; standings}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League standings command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Standings command (League menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view the league standings for all division and conferences in the }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Double click on a teams standings to view the }{\f9\uldb Team Schedule}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_TEAMS}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueStandings.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F10}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\up6 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_LEADERS}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K league leaders; leaders}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League leaders command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Leaders command (Stats menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view complete rankings in all major categories for the current league. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueLeaders.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F11}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\up6 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_TEAMS}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K league teams; team results; team schedules; schedule}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League teams command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9  Teams command (League menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the schedule and scores for individual teams in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueTeams.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:         Ctrl+F9}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\up6 \page }{\f9\up6 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K toolbar}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View Toolbar command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Toolbar command (View menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in Jump Shot.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 See }{\f9\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f9 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\f9  for help on using the toolbar.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K toolbar}}{\f9 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ toolbar}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Toolbar}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bml Tool.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in Jump Shot,}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the View menu (ALT, V, T).}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080 {\b\f9 Click}{\b\f9 \tab }{\b\f9 To}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\sl240\tx1080 {\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayType.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Selects the type of game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlaySimulate.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Toggles games played from play by play to automatic.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayStats.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Activate to view box scores automatically after each game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayExit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Exits current game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayerSubstitute.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Replace players in the current game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc PlayerEdit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Create or edit players in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsGame.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 View the statistics for the current game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsSimulated.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 View the computer generated statistics for the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsActual.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 View the transactions and injuries for the current league.}{\f9 \tab 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueEdit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Select to assign teams to the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueOpem.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Open or create a leag}{\f9 ue.  Jump Shot displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueSchedule.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Select to view or create a schedule for the current league.}{\f9 \tab 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueStandings.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Select to view the current league standings. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueLeaders.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Select to view the current league leaders.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc LeagueTeams.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Select to view the game by game results of any team in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc Help.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Use this command to display the opening screen of Help. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K status bar}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View Status Bar Command}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Status Bar command (View menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.}{
\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 See }{\f9\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f9 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\f9  for help on using the status bar.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K status bar}}{\f9 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ status bar}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 St}{\b\f9 atus Bar}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bml hlpsbar.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the Jump Shot window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the View menu.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area similarly shows messages that describe the actions of toolbar buttons as you depress them, before releasing them.  If after vie
}{\f9 wing the description of the toolbar button command you wish not to execut}{\f9 e the command, then release the mouse button while the pointer is off the toolbar button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The right areas of the status bar indicate which of the following keys are latched down:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1440 {\b\f9 Indicator}{\b\f9 \tab }{\b\f9 Description}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1440\li1440\sa120\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 CAP}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 The Caps Lock key is latched down.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 NUM}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 The Num Lock key is latched down.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 SCRL}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 The Scroll Lock key is latched down.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HELP_INDEX}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Index command (Help menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instruct}{\f9 ions for using Jump Shot and various types of reference information.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HELP_USING}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Using Help command (Help menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command for instructions about using Help.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_APP_ABOUT}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 About command (Help menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of Jump Shot.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CONTEXT_HELP}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Help Using Help Command}}{\b\f9 
Context Help command 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bml Help.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of Jump Shot.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the Jump Shot window, such as another Toolb
}{\f9 ar button.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 SHIFT+F1}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HT_CAPTION}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Title Bar}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s26\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f11\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s26\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f11\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\tx360 {\f9 A title bar may contain the following elements:}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s25\fi-360\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360 \f11\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Application Control-menu button}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Document Control-menu button}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Maximize button}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Minimize button}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Name of the application}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Name of the document}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Restore button}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_SIZE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Size command (System menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bml curarw4.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sb60\sl240 {\f9 1.}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 2.}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 3.}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Press ENTER when the window is the size yo}{\f9 u want.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Mouse:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_MOVE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Move command (Control menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc curarw4.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 CTRL+F7}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx1440 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_MINIMIZE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
$ System Minimize Command}}{\b\f9 Minimize comm}{\b\f9 and (application Control menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to reduce the Jump Shot window to an icon.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Mouse:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Click the minimize icon }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc scmin.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9  on the title bar.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 ALT+F9}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_MAXIMIZE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Maximize command (System menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Mouse:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Click the maximize icon }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc scmax.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9  on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_CLOSE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Close command (Control menus)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bml appexit.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 ALT+F4 closes the  window or dialog box}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_RESTORE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Restore command (Control menu)}{\b\f9 

\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to return the active window to its size and position before you chose the Maximize or Minimize command.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SC_TASKLIST}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9\up6  }{\b\f9 Switch to command (application Control menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 CTRL+ESC}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Dialog Box Options}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Task List}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Select the application you want to switch to or close.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Switch To}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Makes the selected application active.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 End Task}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Closes the selected application.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Cancel}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Cl}{\f9 oses the Task List box.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Cascade}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Tile}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240 {\b\f9 Arrange Icons}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \li360\sl240 {\f9 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_DRAFT}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K draft; player draft; league draft}}{
\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League Draft Command}}{\b\f9  League Draft
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this to draft players for new leagues created with the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb League Edit Command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 PLAYER DRAFT}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9  This feature can be chosen immediately after using the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9\uldb League Edit Command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9  Before starting the draft, you can rearrange the order of selection }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If Career Play was selected the computer controlled teams will base their selections on career projections as well as current performance.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Manually change the draft order by  double clicking on any two teams on the list to swap t}{\f9 heir draft slot.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Randomly set the draft order by selecting the }{\b\f9 Random Button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9   Play controlled teams will be prompted to make a selection. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9  Simulated controlled teams will have choices made by the  computer general manager. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9  By default, the teams you selected as play control, using the League Edit Command are considered play controlled when drafting.  You can change this in order to make selections for any team.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To begin drafting click the }{\b\f9 Begin Draft Button}{\f9 . }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The text of the button will change to Continue Draft.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9  You must click the }{\b\f9 Continue Draft Button}{\f9  immediately after any play controlled picks that are made and at the end of each round.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To make selections when prompted, just highlight a player name and click the }{\b\f9 Draft Player Button}{\f9  to add the player to your team. The player selected will be the highlighted player in the list above the Draft Player Button you click.}{
\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 View a }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9\uldb HID_SCOUT}{\f9  by double clicking the selected player.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Confirm All}{\b\f9  Player Controlled Selections}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - The computer will prompt you for confirmation after any player controlled teams selections. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 unchecked - selections are final and you will not be given the chance to change your mind.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The draft is not considered complete and can not be saved until at least 10 rounds have been completed.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9  Afterwards, you will be able to save the draft by simply clicking the }{\b\f9 OK button}{\f9 .  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To cancel the draft and lose all selections saved click the }{\b\f9 Cancel Button. }{\f9 The l}{\f9 eague will still be saved however all players will remain on their original teams}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_TEAMS_BOX}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K teams; select teams; home court advantage}}{
\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Team Selection}}{\f9  }{\f9  }{\b\f9 Exhibition Game Team Select}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to select match ups for exhibition games involving the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Highlight the Visitor and Home teams.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Computer}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Checked - Computer gives coaching control to the computer coach }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Unchecked - it's up to the user to call the shots.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Swap Home and Visitor}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Checked -The hom}{\f9 e team is now the visitor and vice versa.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Unchecked - Normal}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This is useful when you want to play a series of games featuring the same teams but be able to switch whose home.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Home Court Advantage}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Checked - The home team has an advantage over the visitor.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Unchecked - The teams play on a neutral floor with no edge to either side.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_TRADE}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K trades; player trades;  free agents; sign  free agents; release players}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Trading}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Players Trading/GM Command (Players Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to trade players, sign unprotected players and release players to free agency.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 This command is unavailable while a game is in progress. (Click Play - Exit Game)}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 CTRL+F4}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 TRADING/GM BUTTON}{\f9  }{\f9 \endash }{\f9   To initiate a trade, highlight and double click on the players }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 that you want to involve in a trade.  Their names will appear in the smaller boxes below.  Make }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 sure that at least one of the teams included is in play controlled mode.  By default, the teams you }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 selected as play-contro}{\f9 lled, using the }{\f9\uldb Play Options}{\f9\uldb  Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY}{\v\f9 _}{\v\f9 OPTIONS}{\f9  are }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 considered play controlled when trading.  The control can be changed allowing you to make }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 trades for any team}{\f9 (Cheat)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Trades involving two play-controlled teams are automatically accepted.  However, }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 teams with just one play controlled and one simulated control team, must first be accepted by the }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 computers general manager, and the computer can be tough to tr}{\f9 ade with.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 If you have elected to use your scouts using the }{\f9\uldb Play Option Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9  the
\par }{\f9 computer controlled teams will evaluate a player based on t}{\f9 h}{\f9 e scouts evaluation and the GM
\par }{\f9 evaluation.}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9   Free agents can be signed by highlighting the player that you wish to acquire from the free }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 agent list and by then }{\f9 clicking the }{\b\f9 SIGN}{\f9  button.  You can release players by first highlighting the player}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 s }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 name in the }{\f9 list that appears above the release button.  Then click on the }{\b\f9 RELEASE}{\f9  button. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 When you have completed all your trades and transactions simply click OK to accept the trades }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 or CANCEL to exit without any changes. }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_PLAYOFFS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K playoffs; playoff results}}{\f9  $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League Playoffs Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Playoff Results Command (League Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 CTRL+F8}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to view complete playoff results for currently open league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is disabled until you select }{\b\f9 Start Playoffs }{\f9 from the }{\f9\uldb League Schedule Command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE }{\b\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_SPEED}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K instant scores; play by play speed; auto play speed}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play Auto Speed Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Auto Speed Command (Play Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to set the play by play speed during computer simulated games.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Set the slider all the way to the left for a very slow setting and all the way to the right for a very fast setting. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Checking the No Play by Play check box turns off the text and allows an almost instant view of the final score.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The setting chosen will automatically be saved after }{\f9 exiting Jump Shot.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 F12}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAYERS_DEFENSE}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K coaching; defense; substitutions; double teams; play calling}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Players Defense Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Defense Command (Players Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to set defensive matchups during player games.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To set the matchups click the team you are controlling and you will see the current matchups.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 To change the defender}{\f9  just highlight the offensive player in the player box then double click  the player in the defender box that you want guarding the selected offensive player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 One can choose to defend a player in several ways. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Outside(O)}{\f9  is selected when you want a defender guarding a player close to take away outside shots.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Drive(D)}{\f9  gives a player space but can take away penetration.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Post(P)}{\f9  allows a player to play strong and try to deny the player a post up inside shot.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Double}{\f9  team is used to control an of}{\f9 fensive player by always having someone help out on the play to shut down the player. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To select a }{\b\f9 defensive style}{\f9  just click on the scroller of the small box next to the player that you want defended that way and it will show your options.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9  }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcut}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F5}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_GAME_TIMEOUTS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K coaching; timeouts; rest; play calling}}{\f9  ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Timeout Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Timeout}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Used to called timeouts during game play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Seven timeouts are allowed for each team, plus one 20 second timeout per}{\f9  half per team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Full timeouts can be used to give players a }{\b\f9 rest }{\f9 and to set up an offensive play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Plays}{\f9  are more likely to succeed after a timeout (less so after a 20)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The team on offense can call a timeout at any time. Otherwise their must be a stoppage in play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The unavailable team or teams will be grayed out.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Just mark the 20 second check box to call a 20 second TO when clicking the appropriate team button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Regardless of the number of timeouts called a team can  have no }{\f9 more than four full timeouts at the beginning of the fourth period.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Overtime periods allow three timeouts per session.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K options; play options; save options; receive trade offers; save play by play options; save boxscore options}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Play Options Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Options Command (Play Menu)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 Use this command to select special options for the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcut}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F2}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the team and then set the following options:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 INDIVIDUAL TEAM OPTIONS}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 note: these options have no effect in exhibition games}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Save Play by Play}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - Play by Play is saved immediately after the selected team league game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 You can then review the play by play by using the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9  }{\f9\uldb View Saved Play by Play menu command}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_SAVEDPBP}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Due to the size of each play by play log in the file that is kept (leaguename.pbp) We suggest using this sparingly. If you are controlling one team and are saving the teams play by play for a season, the file size will be around 8mb for }{\f9 
a 82 game season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Save Box Scores}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - Game Stats are saved immediately after the selected team league game.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 You can then review the game stats by using the}{\f9 
\par }{\f9  }{\f9\uldb View Saved Box Scores menu command}{\v\f9 HID_VIEW_SAVEDBOXSCORE}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Receive Trade Offers}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - Selected team will }{\f9\uldb receive trade offers}{\v\f9 HID_OFFER_TRADE}{\f9  from all non checked teams during the season. Player Trading must be set to on. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note: If you select this for all the teams in the league no team will receive offers because no teams will be left to propose trades.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This option allows you basically to just be the general manager as you can select to simulate your teams games and wait for any offers. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 SCOUTING OPTIONS}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Use scout of currently highlighted team for all player scouting reports}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - All }{\f9\uldb Player Reports}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9  will use the selected scout to evaluate the player..}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Recommended when controlling one team. Allows }{\f9 the player to view the scouting reports for all teams using the player controlled teams scout.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Do not use scout ratings for teams}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - The actual ratings will be used to evaluate players. Coaches, scouts and GMs will all perform at the same level.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 unchecked - The evaluation and development and coaching of players will be based on a teams staff. (If you choose to use a single scout (above) the same scout will be used for all teams. Each team will still use their own coach and GM.)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 GAME RULES}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 3 pointers off }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - no 3 point shot line }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 unchecked - 3 point line}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 3 ft on 3 pt off}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 checked - 2 free throws on fouled 3 point attempts}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 unchecked - 3 free throws on fouled 3 point attempts}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 SCORING}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 use the slider to either lower or raise the scoring in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This is accomplished by increasing or decreasing the average possesions in a game per team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Very Low will cause about a 15-20% decrease in scoring.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Very High will increase scoring about 15-20%.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Cl}{\f9 ick OK to save the changes.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click Cancel to exit without saving.}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_RATINGS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K ratings; scouting report; player ratings}}{\f9  $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Stats Ratings Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Ratings Command (Stats Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view the ratings for all players in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 In career play the ratings will be adjusted according to the scout of the team roster displayed.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Ctrl + F5}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the team to view the ratings for all players on that team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Ratings are determined by taking the league best and giving that player the highest rating.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 All other players are rated proportionately to the league best. The rating is adjusted for minutes played. These ratings can also be viewed from the }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If you have elected to use your scouts using the }{\f9\uldb Play Options Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9  these ratings will vary based on their evaluation of a player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_RECORDS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K records; team records; all time records; all time highs}}{
\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Stats Records Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Records Command (Stats Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view team and league individual record highs.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Ctrl + F11}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Records are kept in five categories:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 (Points, Rebounds, Assists, Steals, Blocks)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the league name for league records.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select a team name for individual player team records.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select either records for the current season or for an entire league history (All Time)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Records are kept separately for playoff games. Select the Playoff Radio Button to view them.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_LEAGUE_TRANSACTIONS}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K transactions; injuries; trades; view transactions; view injuries}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ League Transactions Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Transactions Command (League Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view trades, signings, cuts and injuries in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Toolbar:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 \{}{\f9 bmc StatsActual.bmp}{\f9 \}}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Ctrl + F10}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_VIEW_SAVEDBOXSCORE}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K saved boxscores; saved game stats; view saved game stats; view saved boxscores}}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View Saved Box Score Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Saved Box Score Command (League Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F3 }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 Use this command to review saved boxscores.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the team and select the game and that games stats will appear in the window.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can select to save or not save boxscores for teams by using the }{\f9\uldb Play Options command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_VIEW_SAVEDPBP}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K view saved play by play;play by play; saved play by play}}
{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View Saved Play by Play Command}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Saved Play by Play Command (View Menu)}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F4}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 Use this command to review saved play by play logs.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the team and select the game and that play by play will appear in the window.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can select to save or not save play by play for teams by using the }{\f9\uldb Play Options command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_STATS_GAME_PBP}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K view play by play; play by play; game play by play; game log; }}{\f9  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ View Game Play by Play Command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Game Play by Play Command}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to review the current game play by play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command can be selected by clicking the }{\b\f9 Play by Play Button}{\f9  in the }{\f9\uldb Stats Game Command}{\v\f9 HID_STATS_GAME}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9  }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SCOUT}}{\f9  >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K scouting report; ratings; player ratings}}{\f9  ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Scouting Report}}{\f9   }{\b\f9 Player Report}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 Use this command to view a full report for a specific player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Player Ratings Tab}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 If you have elected to use your scouts using the }{\f9\uldb Play Option Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9  these ratings will vary based on their evaluation of a player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 The scouts are rated for their ability to evaluate the following:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Scoring}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Shooting}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Getting to the FT line}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Passing/Ball Handling}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Rebounding}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Defense}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Talent Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Skill Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Intangible Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Explanation of Ratings:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 2ga}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Players ability to get 2 point shots}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 2g%     Players }{\f9 \tab }{\f9 percentage of 2 point shots made}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 fta        Players ability to get to the free throw line}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 ft%       Players percentage of free throws made}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 3ga        Players ability to get 3 point shots}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 3g%       Players percentage of 3 point shots made}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 orb      offensive rebounding }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 drb      defensive rebounding }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 ast       passing }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 stl        stealing }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 to        avoid }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 blk      blocking}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Career Play Projections:}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 These projections effect the development curve of players.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The ratings are randomly created and are reported differently based on}{\f9  the scout.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The players tend to improve until they reach their random prime year (usually 26-28)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 and steadily decline afterwards.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Talent - stronger effect on scoring categories}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Skill - stronger effect on passing and rebounding}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Intangibles - players work ethic and desire effecting individual and team performance. These players usually reach their prime later than most players.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_BEGIN}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K career play; player aging; projections}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Career Begin Offseason Command}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Career Begin Offseason Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to end the current season at any time and begin the off season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is used primarily after the completion of the current season}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 s playoffs.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The current year will be increased by one year and all player}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 s ages will be increased by one.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Career Play Projections:}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 These projections effect the development curve of players.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The ratings are randomly created and are reported differently based on the scout.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The players tend to improve until }{\f9 they reach their random prime year (usually 26-28)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 and steadily decline afterwards.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Talent - stronger effect on scoring categories}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Skill - stronger effect on passing and rebounding}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Intangibles - players work ethic and desire effecting individual and team performance. These players usually reach their prime later than most players.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use these projections as a strong guideline only. Certain players will surprise even the best scouts so keep an eye on the stats.}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The current season stats will be saved to the player}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 s career stats totals.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The }{\f9\uldb Career Rookie Draft Command}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_ROOKIE}{\f9  will then be available and becomes the usual next step before beginning play next season.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_TRADING}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K trading; trading period; offseason trading}}{
\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Career Trading Period}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Career Trading Period Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to start a short trading period between teams in the league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Several trades will usually occur and play controlled teams should rec}{\f9 eive trade offers.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command should probably be used immediately after the }{\f9\uldb Begin Off Season Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_CAREER_BEGIN}{\f9 
 at the end of a season.  Of course if you would like to see more trading, you can use it at any other point of a season or off season as well.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_ROOKIE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K rookie draft; drafting rookies; rookies; draft
}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Career Rookie Draft}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Career Begin Rookie Draft Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command allows a rookie draft of non-professional players.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is available after using the }{\f9\uldb Begin Off Season command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_CAREER_BEGIN}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The draft order is determined by regular season records in the previous season. (The best record chooses last) You can sort the order with the }{\b\f9 Randomly Sort Button}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Selecting a different team name will allow you to see how that teams lead scout views the rookies in the draft.  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Each teams scout will rate players differently based on several ratings:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 Scoring}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Shooting}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Getting to the FT line}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Passing/Ball Handling}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Rebounding}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Defense}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Talent Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Skill Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Intangible Projection}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 Click the }{\b\f9 Column headers}{\f9  to sort the players by category.  Clicking on players will sort them based on the scouts overall evaluation of the player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Teams that are play controlled will draft for themselves, however you can change that by selecting a team and clicking on simulate.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Computer controlled teams General Managers(GM) use the scouting report and their own evaluation to determine a choice. The }{\b\f9 GM need rating}{\f9 
 is used to determine if a player is selected based more on talent or a more on teams position need.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select a team to view that teams draft board (rankings). With scouts on, each team will rank the players differently. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The draft board order is determined by the teams GM }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\b\f9 Draft Button}{\f9  to begin the draft.  The draft will proceed automatically until the end of the draft or until a play controlled teams turn.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To draft a player, simply click }{\b\f9 Draft Selected Player}{\f9  and the currently highli}{\f9 ghted player will be drafted.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 View the Rookie  }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9 HID_SCOUT}{\f9   of the highlighted player as reported by the scout by double clicking. The GM will use this report to help determine the draft board.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\f9 After the completion of a draft, the }{\b\f9 Save Draft Button}{\f9  will be available.  You can click it to end the draft.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\b\f9 Cancel}{\f9  to exit the draft at anytime.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9   The rookies that are on the draft board will be the same ones as those that will appear when selecting The Rookie Draft Command again.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 When the draft has been saved the players will not be placed on any rosters until first using the }{\f9\uldb Career Training Camp command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_CAREER_TRAINING}{\f9  to set the rosters.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_TRAINING}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K training camp; preseason; camp; hall of fame; finalize rosters; set computer teams}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Career Training Camp }}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Career Begin Training Camp Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to determine your 12 man roster before season play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is only available after a }{\f9\uldb Rookie Draft}{\v\f9 HID_CAREER_ROOKIE}{\f9  has occurred.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 To release a player from a player controlled team, select a player and click the }{\b\f9 Release Player Button}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 View a }{\f9\uldb Player Report}{\v\f9\uldb HID_SCOUT}{\f9  by double clicking the selected player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Change the control of a team by selecting a team name and clicking the play/simulate box.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click on the }{\b\f9 Column Headers}{\f9  to sort the players on a particular team by categories.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note: The ratings are based on the COACHES ability to evaluate a player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If any players have retired they will be displayed under t}{\f9 he Set Computer Teams Button.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 On rare occasions a player will retire prematurely because of personal circumstances.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Some players will no longer be available because their poor play did not warrant an invite to training camp.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\b\f9 Set Computer Teams Button}{\f9  after releasing any unwanted players.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The computer coaches based on their evaluation of a player will set the rosters for simulate controlled teams. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The computer also uses a }{\b\f9 project rating }{\f9 to decide to keep a player based on potential and age  or to go with an established player regardless of age.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Immediately after this the }{\b\f9 Hall of Fame Selections Button}{\f9  will be enabled.  Click this button to determine if any players will be entering the }{\f9\uldb Hall of Fame}{\v\f9 HID_HISTORY_HALL}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Now you can click the }{\b\f9 End Training Camp Button}{\f9  to save the rosters to be used for the next season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Retirements are random and fairly rare. Better players tend to retire rather than play too long.}{\f9  Occasionally a player will unexpectedly retire before their prime}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use the }{\b\f9 Cancel Training Camp Button}{\f9  if you don}{\f9 \rquote }{\f9 t like what just happened or who retired. (Cheat)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_RESET}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K reset stats; reset career; start career over}}{
\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Career Reset All Stats }}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Career Reset All Stats Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to reset a career league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command will erase all scores of the current season including all season statistics and career statistics for all players in the league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The league returns to its original state before career play was initiated with the following exceptions:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The player data is not changed until you use the reset button in the }{\f9\uldb Player Edit Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_PLAYERS_CREATE}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Since the player data is not changed. You have just created a brand new league. If enough seasons have gone by all the players in the league will be completely fictional.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The year does not change until you change the year option from the }{\f9\uldb League Edit Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_LEAGUE_EDIT}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HISTORY_CAREER}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K career stats; stats; history stats; year by year stats}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ History Career Stats}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 History Career Stats Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F6}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s33 \fs22\lang1033 {\f9\fs20 Use this command to view season by season stats of all players that have ever appeared in a league.}{\f9\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Select A Year}{\f9  and the players that first appeared in that season will be listed.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9   }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Select the player }{\f9 to view the year by year stats.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 For a leagues first season the players are sorted in alphabetical order.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Every season afterwards the players are sorted by draft selection. (i.e. the 1st player drafted appears 1st).}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HISTORY_ROOKIE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K rookie drafts; rookie draft history; draft history; historical drafts}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ History Rookie Drafts}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 History Rookie Drafts Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F7}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view the draft results for every season played.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HISTORY_TEAM}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K team history; history; playoff appearances; championships}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ History Team Results}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 History Team Results Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F8}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view year by year results of all teams.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select a team and view each year, their season record and their final playoff results if any.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_HISTORY_HALL}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K hall of fame; all time greats}}{\f9 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ History Hall of Fame}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 History Hall of Fame Command}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F9}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to view all players that have been elected to the current league Hall of Fame.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use the }{\b\f9 Career Stats Button}{\f9  or double click the player name to view the season by season and career totals of the selected player.}{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_AUTO_SCHEDULE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K schedule; auto scheduler; computer generated schedules}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Auto Schedule}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Auto Scheduler}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command can be accessed from the }{\f9\uldb League Schedule Command}{\v\f9 HID_LEAGUE_SCHEDULE}{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use this command to create a schedule before the start of any season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command is inactive during the course of a season.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 Creating a schedule}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select 2,4,6 or 8 games between all teams in the same division}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select 2,4,6 or 8 games between all teams in the same conference}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select 2,4,6 or 8 games against all teams in the other conference}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 (games selected will be split even between home games and away games)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select up to 98 games to be played by each team in the league}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the total games created by the first 3 options above is greater than the total games to be played, the schedule will automatically be increased to a higher total games played.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 if the total games created by the first 3 options above is less than the total games to be played, the rest of the schedule will filled with randomly selected games versus conference opponents.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\b\f9 Create Button}{\f9  to have the computer automatically create a schedule}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the computer is unable to create a schedule you will}{\f9  be notified otherwise you will be returned to the League Schedule Screen where you can elect to edit, cancel or save the schedule.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_SCOUT_PROFILE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K scouts; coaches; gm; general manager; staff; staff ratings}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Staff Profiles}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\sb240 \b\f9\ul\lang1033 {\plain \b\f9\lang1033 STAFF MEMBER PROFILES}{\plain \b\f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb120 \b\f9\lang1033 GENERAL
\par \pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 WIN(W)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Career wins as a staff member}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 LOSS (L)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Career losses}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 PCT}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Career winning percentage}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 PLAYOFFS (PO)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Career playoff appearances}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 RINGS (RI)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Career championships}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 LOYALTY}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Loyalty to current team affects risk of  resigning}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 EVALUATION (SCOUTING)}{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 TALENT (TA)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Projection of a players eventual talent level (talented players tend to become effective scorers and shooters)}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SKILL (SR)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Projection of a players eventual overall skill (skilled players tend to develop more of an all around game)}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 INTANGIBLES (IN)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Projection of a players eventual work ethic (players with high intangibles tend to improve more dramatically and will improve consistently)}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SCORING (SC)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Ability to evaluate a players ability to create shots and draw fouls}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SHOOTING (SH)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Ability to evaluate a players ability to make shots and freethrows}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 REBOUNDING (RE)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Ability to evaluate a players offensive and defensive rebounding}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 BALL HANDLING (BH)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Ability to evaluate a players passing and turnovers}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 DEFENSE (DE)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Ability to evaluate a players shot blocking and steals}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 DRAFT BY NEED (GM ONLY)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Tendency to draft by position needs versus overall talent}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22   Coaches use their evaluation }{\f9\fs22 to decide a roster in training camp}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22   GM}{\f9\fs22 \rquote }{\f9\fs22 s use their evaluation to decide on trades}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22   Scouts evaluations are used primarily in the rookie draft.  The GM will then use the evaluation to choose the player}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 PLAYER DEVELOPMENT (COACHES ONLY)}{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 TALENT}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to maximize a players talent}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SKILL}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to improve a players overall skill level}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 INTANGIBLES}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to motivate a player}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SCORING}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to improve a players scoring ability}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 SHOOTING}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to improve a players overall shooting}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 REBOUNDING}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to develop a players rebounding}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 BALL HANDLING}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to improve a players passing and minimize}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 turnovers}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 DEFENSE}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Coaches ability to improve a players defense}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 CONDITIONING (CO)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Affects player fatigue during games}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 PATIENCE}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Used in training camp.  Patient coaches tend to keep young undeveloped players who show talent}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 GAME COACHING (COACHES ONLY)}{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 All ratings improve effectiveness and chances of the proper play being executed when calling plays}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 The higher rated coaches will have players who execute the called play more often}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\sb120 \b\f9\lang1033 OFFENSE
\par \pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b\f9\fs22 OUTSIDE (O)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Improved outside shooting}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 DRIVING (D) }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Improved driving and penetration}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 POST (P)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Improved inside/post scoring}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 TRANSITION (T)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Improved fast break chances}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\sb120 \b\f9\lang1033 DEFENSE
\par \pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b\f9\fs22 OUTSIDE (OD)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Decreased opponent outside shooting}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 DRIVING (DD)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Decreased opponent driving/penetration}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 POST (PD)}{\f9\fs22  }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Decreased opponent post/inside scoring}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\b\f9\fs22 TRANSITION (TD) }{\f9\fs22 \endash }{\f9\fs22  Decreased opponent fast break chances}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_CAREER_STAFF}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K fire; hire; resign; retirements;job offers}}{\f9 
${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Staff Hiring Period}}{\f9  
\par }\pard\plain \s252\li360 \b\f8\lang1033 {\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9 CAREER STAFF PROFILE MENU COMMAND}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s255\li720 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9\fs22 Use this command to view the profiles of a team}{\f9\fs22 \rquote }{\f9\fs22 s staff members (Coach, Scout, and Assistant General Manager)}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 This command also allows for the hiring and firing of staff members immediately after choosing  }{\f9\uldb Begin Off Season Command}{\v\f9\uldb HID_CAREER_BEGIN}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Select Scout, Coach or Assistant GM}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 When selecting Coach, you can select the in-game ratings as well}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 For a complete }{\f9\fs22\uldb profile}{\v\f9\fs22 HID_SCOUT_PROFILE}{\f9\fs22  including explanations of abbreviations, select a member and double click}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Only after ending a season by choosing Begin Offseason will the }{\b\f9\fs22 View Firings}{\f9\fs22  }{\b\f9\fs22 Button}{\f9\fs22  becomes active}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Select this button to view resignations, firings, and retirements for the just completed season. }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 To sort categories, click on a column label.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Staff members can only be fired if a team is play controlled.  However a play controlled teams members can still retire or resign.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 To replace a member, select the member and click the }{\b\f9\fs22 Offer Job Button}{\f9\fs22 
.  The team must be play controlled and only 1 offer to a Scout, Coach, or GM.  Offers are only available after selecting view hirings. All play controlled teams can make offers.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 After making offers, if any, select the }{\b\f9\fs22 View Hirings Button}{\f9\fs22  to view the current round of hirings.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Staff members will resig}{\f9\fs22 
n if they are unhappy with the current status of their team.  The better members are more likely to resign in hopes of landing a better job.  The better a teams roster and record, the less likely of a resignation.  Scouts, Coaches, and GM}{\f9\fs22 
\rquote }{\f9\fs22 s weight different categories when resigning or accepting a job offer. Firings are less likely with patient owners.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 If the }{\b\f9\fs22 Continue Hirings Button}{\f9\fs22  is active, you can continue making offers and repeat the process.  Continue until all teams have made their hirings.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 T}{\f9\fs22 he }{\b\f9\fs22 End Hiring Period Button}{\f9\fs22  will then be enabled.  Click to save the changes.  }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 The staff members will all age and their skills will change over the years. Keep an eye out because different members improve at different rates.}{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 
\par }{\f9\fs22 Click cancel to not save the changes.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_OFFER_TRADE}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 K trading; computer offers; trade offers}}{\f9 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Receive Trade Proposals}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Receive Trade Proposals}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 Trade proposals occasionally occur during the course of league play.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can highlight a player and use the ratings command to get a Scouting Report on the player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Teams that have been selected to receive trade offers from the }{\f9\uldb Play Options Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAY_OPTIONS}{\f9  will be }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 given the option to select or decline a proposed trade before some regular season league games.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\b\f9 Accept}{\f9  to say yes to the trade.}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 Click }{\b\f9 Decline}{\f9  to say no to the trade.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAYERS_EDITDEPTH}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K depth charts; rosters; edit depth charts; activate; rotation}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Edit Depth Charts}}{\f9  }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s252\li360 \b\f8\lang1033 {\f9 PLAYERS DEPTH CHART COMMAND}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f9 Shortcuts}{\b\f9 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\tx1440 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Keys:}{\f9 \tab }{\f9 Shift + F}{\f9 1}{\f9 0}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 Use this command to set the rotation/depth charts for all teams in the current league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can also set the active rosters for each team.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 When team substitution is controlled by computer coaches the computer will use these depth charts and the actual minutes played to distribute minutes and assign starters.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select the team from the team list.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The current roster for that team appears. (Up to 14 players)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The name of each player and their primary position are lis}{\f9 ted}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Under each of the five possible positions you can select from the following for each player:}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 no -}{\f9 \tab }{\f9   The player will only be used in an emergency}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 1st -  }{\f9 \tab }{\f9   Starter}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 2nd - }{\f9 \tab }{\f9   Backup who will receive the majority of the minutes when the starter is not on the court}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 3rd - }{\f9 \tab }{\f9   3rd stringers usually will get some spot minutes off the bench each game}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 4th -}{\f9 \tab }{\f9   Usually plays infrequently}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 none -}{\f9 \tab }{\f9   Will be used only in emegency}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Set }{\b\f9 active}{\f9  to no and the player will not be used at all.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The first twelve players only that are active are eligible to play. (If you set all 14 to active - yes, only the first 12 will be considered active)}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If no depth charts are set the computer will  set them before each game using the players primary position and their ability  however setting them yourself allows greater control}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use the}{\b\f9  Edit Button}{\f9  of each player to select}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\uldb Player Ratings Editor Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_EDITRATINGS}{\f9   }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command will allow you to edit their minutes and the primary ratings }{\f9 of the player.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 OK}{\f9  to save changes including any changes made with the ratings editor}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select }{\b\f9 Cancel }{\f9 to cancel any changes made}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\f9 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 # HID_PLAYERS_EDITRATINGS}}{\f9 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 > Procedur}}{\f9 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
K ratings; edit ratings; ratings editor; averages; create player; player ratings editor}}{\f9 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 $ Edit Player Ratings}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 
\par }{\b\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \s252\li360 \b\f8\lang1033 {\f9 PLAYER RATINGS EDITOR COMMAND}{\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Select this command by clicking the edit button from the}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9\uldb Players Depth Chart Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_EDITDEPTH}{\f9   menu item}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 This command will bring up the player ratings of a player and will allow you to edit their ratings.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The ratings are calculated from the actual player stats.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 The ratings range from 1-99}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 99 is equal to the current statistical high of players in the league.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If the best player in the league averages four blocks per 48 minutes played then setting Blocking to 99 will set the edited player aprroximately equal to that.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Making changes using the }{\f9\uldb Players Edit/Create Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_CREATE}{\f9   will chang}{\f9 e the ratings that appear here.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Along with ratings you can also edit the Name, primary Position, Age and the average minutes (Avg Min) of a player. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Players who have been designated starters by the computer or from the depth charts will play approximately the number of minutes assigned here. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 If you would like to increase the playing time of a player increase their }{\b\f9 Avg Min}{\f9 .}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can assign a number between 1 and 48}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Use the }{\b\f9 Calculate Button}{\f9  to generate additional ratings based on the player }{\f9 ratings.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 These ratings are also editable.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click the }{\b\f9 Set Ratings to Position Averages Button }{\f9 and the ratings will be changed to match the averages of a typical player in the current league at that position.}{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 You can view the averages by position in the box on the bottom right}{\b\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Note: Changes made and saved here will change the actual stats of a player}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\b\f9 Cancel to}{\f9  undo any changes made. }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 
\par }{\f9 Click }{\b\f9 OK}{\f9  to temporarily save changes made to the ratings.}{\f9 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f9 The ratings will not be permanently saved until}{\f9  clicking OK from the }{\f9\uldb Players Depth Chart Command}{\v\f9 HID_PLAYERS_EDITDEPTH}{\f9   menu item}{\f9 
\par }\pard {\b\f9 
\par }}